Updating the PL hardware requirement documentation (#10684)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations/_index.md

Your private locations can be used just like any other Datadog managed locations: assign [Synthetic tests][2] to private locations, visualize test results, get [Synthetic metrics][11], etc.

## Dimension your private location

### Types of test run

> Private locations can run [API][12], [Multistep API][13] and [Browser tests][14]. A same private location can run several types of tests. However, for dimensioning reasons, it can prove helpful to split test assignments based on test types and for instance have some private locations run only API and Multistep API tests and others run only Browser tests, which are heavier than other test types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private locations can run [API][12], [Multistep API][13] and [Browser tests][14]. A same private location can run several types of tests. However, for dimensioning reasons, it can prove helpful to split test assignments based on test types and for instance have some private locations run only API and Multistep API tests and others run only Browser tests, which are more resource intensive than other test types. 
```

### Maximum number of test runs

Resources requirements depend on the maximum number of test runs your private location might have to execute in parallel. When defining that number, make sure to take into account spikes that might happen when performing on demand testing (for example, when running tests as part of your [CI/CD pipelines][1]).

> That maximum number of test runs allows you to later on define the [`concurrency` parameter][15] of your private location (it default to `10`). This parameter allows you to adjust the number of test runs your private location workers can run concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That maximum number of test runs allows you to later on define the [`concurrency` parameter][15] of your private location (it defaults to `10`). This parameter allows you to adjust the number of test runs your private location workers can run concurrently.
```

| [API tests][12] and [Multistep API tests][13] | 20mCores/5MiB/1MiB per test run   |
| [Browser tests][14]                           | 150mCores/1GiB/10MiB per test run |

**Example:** For a private location running only Browser tests, with a maximum number of concurrent test runs of `10`, the recommendation for a safe usage is 
~ 1.5Core CPU `(150mCores + (150mCores*10 test runs))`, ~ 10GiB memory `(150MiB + (1GiB*10 test runs))`, and ~ 100MiB disk `(10MiB*10 test runs)`.

**Note:** Resources requirements may vary based on the application being tested (size/number of assets to be loaded, etc.).

**Note:** When running both API/Multistep API tests and Browser tests on a single private location, the recommendation is to perform computation using Browser tests resource requirements.

### Assign resources to your private location

Once you know about the [**total** requirements for your private location](#private-location-total-hardware-requirements), you can decide how you want these resources to be distributed:

* You can assign all resources to a single worker (ie. to a single container). In this case:

>   * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed in parallel on your private location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to [maximum number of test runs](#maximum-number-of-test-runs) that can be executed in parallel on your private location.
```

>   * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `[maximum number of test runs](#maximum-number-of-test-runs) that can be executed in parallel on your private location`.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed in parallel on your private location`.
```

  * Assign your [total private location resource requirements](#private-location-total-hardware-requirements) to your unique worker.
* You can distribute resources across several workers. You can indeed run several containers for one private location with one single configuration file. In this case:

>   * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed on your private location / number of workers associated with your private location`. Each worker will then request `N` tests to run depending on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and number of free slots: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc.

Reviewer: Would it be worth adding a paragraph about the queuing/polling process when there is more than one worker in a PL?

Author: Indeed - added a subsection about that. We'll have to work on beefing it up in the upcoming months as it's a bit raw for now.

>   * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `[maximum number of test runs](#maximum-number-of-test-runs) that can be executed on your private location / number of workers associated with your private location`. Each worker will then request `N` tests to run depending on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and number of free slots: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed on your private location / number of workers associated with your private location`. Each worker will then request `N` tests to run depending on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and number of free slots: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc.
```

  * Assign `total private location resource requirements / number of workers` resources to each private location worker.

> **Example:** For a private location running only Browser tests, with a maximum number of concurrent test runs of `10`, your private location requires ~ 1.5 core CPU, ~ 10GiB memory, and ~ 100MiB disk. If you want to distribute these resources across 2 workers, the [`concurrency` parameter][15] should be set to `5`, and each worker should be allocated ~ 750mCores CPU, ~ 5GiB memory, and ~ 50MiB disk.

Reviewer: Should we commit to say that this should spread the load of the PL?

Author: Added a note on that earlier in the section

> 

Author: ```suggestion
#### Queueing mechanism

When there are several workers associated with a private location, each worker requests a number of tests to run that depends on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and on the number of additional test runs that can be assigned to it: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc. Thanks to that mechanism, there is no impact on how test runs are executed.
```

* You can distribute resources across several workers. You can indeed run several containers for one private location with one single configuration file. In this case:
  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed on your private location / number of workers associated with your private location`. Each worker will then request `N` tests to run depending on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and number of free slots: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc.
  * Assign `total private location resource requirements / number of workers` resources to each private location worker.

**Example:** For a private location running only Browser tests, with a maximum number of concurrent test runs of `10`, your private location requires ~ 1.5 core CPU, ~ 10GiB memory, and ~ 100MiB disk. If you want to distribute these resources across 2 workers, the [`concurrency` parameter][15] should be set to `5`, and each worker should be allocated ~ 750mCores CPU, ~ 5GiB memory, and ~ 50MiB disk.

> #### Queueing mechanism

Author: ```suggestion

#### Queueing mechanism
```

When there are several workers associated with a private location, each worker requests a number of tests to run that depends on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and on the number of additional test runs that can be assigned to it: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc. Thanks to that mechanism, there is no impact on how test runs are executed.

> ## Scale your private location

Author: ```suggestion

## Scale your private location
```

**Note:** Resources requirements may vary based on the application being tested (size/number of assets to be loaded, etc.).

**Note:** When running both API/Multistep API tests and Browser tests on a single private location, the recommendation is to perform computation using Browser tests resource requirements.

### Assign resources to your private location

Once you know about the [**total** requirements for your private location](#private-location-total-hardware-requirements), you can decide how you want these resources to be distributed:

* You can assign all resources to a single worker (ie. to a single container). In this case:
  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed in parallel on your private location`.
  * Assign your [total private location resource requirements](#private-location-total-hardware-requirements) to your unique worker.
* You can distribute resources across several workers. You can indeed run several containers for one private location with one single configuration file. In this case:

>   * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed on your private location / number of workers associated with your private location`. Each worker will then request `N` tests to run depending on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and number of free slots: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed on your private location / number of workers associated with your private location`.
```

  * Assign `total private location resource requirements / number of workers` resources to each private location worker.

**Example:** For a private location running only Browser tests, with a maximum number of concurrent test runs of `10`, your private location requires ~ 1.5 core CPU, ~ 10GiB memory, and ~ 100MiB disk. If you want to distribute these resources across 2 workers, the [`concurrency` parameter][15] should be set to `5`, and each worker should be allocated ~ 750mCores CPU, ~ 5GiB memory, and ~ 50MiB disk.

#### Queueing mechanism

> When there are several workers associated with a private location, each worker requests a number of tests to run that depends on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and on the number of additional test runs that can be assigned to it: when worker 1 is processing tests, worker 2 requests the following tests, etc. Thanks to that mechanism, there is no impact on how test runs are executed.

Author: ```suggestion
When there are several workers associated with a private location, each worker requests a number of tests to run that depends on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and on the number of additional test runs that can be assigned to it.   
** Example:** 10 tests are scheduled to run simultaneously on a private location that has 2 workers running. If worker 1 is currently running 2 tests, it can request 3 additional tests to run. If at this time, worker 2 is not running any tests, it will then request the 5 following tests. The remaining 2 tests can be requested by which ever worker has finished running its test first, ie which ever worker has available slots.
```

Your private locations can be used just like any other Datadog managed locations: assign [Synthetic tests][2] to private locations, visualize test results, get [Synthetic metrics][11], etc.

## Dimension your private location

> ### Types of test run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Types of test runs
```

> Private locations can run [API][12], [Multistep API][13] and [Browser tests][14]. A same private location can run several types of tests. However, for dimensioning reasons, it can prove helpful to split test assignments based on test types and for instance have some private locations run only API and Multistep API tests and others run only Browser tests, which are more resource intensive than other test types. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Private locations can run [API][12], [Multistep API][13], and [Browser tests][14]. A same private location can run several types of tests. However, for dimensioning reasons, it can prove helpful to split test assignments based on test types and for instance have some private locations run only API and Multistep API tests and others run only Browser tests, which are more resource intensive than other test types. 
```

### Maximum number of test runs

> Resources requirements depend on the maximum number of test runs your private location might have to execute in parallel. When defining that number, make sure to take into account spikes that might happen when performing on demand testing (for example, when running tests as part of your [CI/CD pipelines][1]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Resource requirements depend on the maximum number of test runs your private location might have to execute in parallel. When defining that number, make sure to take into account spikes that might happen when performing on demand testing (for example, when running tests as part of your [CI/CD pipelines][1]).
```

> That maximum number of test runs allows you to later on define the [`concurrency` parameter][15] of your private location (it defaults to `10`). This parameter allows you to adjust the number of test runs your private location workers can run concurrently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum number of test runs allows you to define the [`concurrency` parameter][15] of your private location (it defaults to `10`). This parameter allows you to adjust the number of test runs your private location workers can run concurrently.
```

### Private location total hardware requirements

> Once you know the [type of tests](#types-of-test-run) you want your private location to execute and the [maximum number of test runs](#maximum-number-of-test-runs) that needs to be executed in parallel, you can define the **total** hardware requirements for your private location. 

Author: ```suggestion
Once you know the [type of tests](#types-of-test-runs) you want your private location to execute and the [maximum number of test runs](#maximum-number-of-test-runs) that needs to be executed in parallel, you can define the **total** hardware requirements for your private location. 
```

* Base requirements: 
  * CPU: 150mCores
  * Memory: 150MiB

> * Additional requirements based on the type of tests run by the private location:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Additional requirements are based on the type of tests run by the private location:
```

| Test type                                     | CPU/Memory/Disk recommendation    |
| --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| [API tests][12] and [Multistep API tests][13] | 20mCores/5MiB/1MiB per test run   |
| [Browser tests][14]                           | 150mCores/1GiB/10MiB per test run |

**Example:** For a private location running only Browser tests, with a maximum number of concurrent test runs of `10`, the recommendation for a safe usage is 
~ 1.5Core CPU `(150mCores + (150mCores*10 test runs))`, ~ 10GiB memory `(150MiB + (1GiB*10 test runs))`, and ~ 100MiB disk `(10MiB*10 test runs)`.

> **Note:** Resources requirements may vary based on the application being tested (size/number of assets to be loaded, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Resources requirements may vary based on the application being tested (size and number of assets to be loaded, etc.).
```

> **Note:** When running both API/Multistep API tests and Browser tests on a single private location, the recommendation is to perform computation using Browser tests resource requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** When running both API or Multistep API tests and Browser tests on a single private location, the recommendation is to perform computation using Browser tests resource requirements.
```

### Assign resources to your private location

Once you know about the [**total** requirements for your private location](#private-location-total-hardware-requirements), you can decide how you want these resources to be distributed:

> * You can assign all resources to a single worker (ie. to a single container). In this case:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can assign all resources to a single worker, such as a single container. In this case:
```

  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed in parallel on your private location`.

>   * Assign your [total private location resource requirements](#private-location-total-hardware-requirements) to your unique worker.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Assign your [total private location resource requirements](#private-location-total-hardware-requirements) to your unique container.
```

> * You can distribute resources across several workers. You can indeed run several containers for one private location with one single configuration file. In this case:

Author: ```suggestion
* You can distribute resources across several workers. You can indeed run several containers for one private location with one single configuration file in order to spread the load. In this case:
```

> * You can distribute resources across several workers. You can indeed run several containers for one private location with one single configuration file in order to spread the load. In this case:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can distribute resources across several workers by running several containers for one private location with a single configuration file in order to spread the load. In this case:
```

  * Set the [`concurrency` parameter][15] to `maximum number of test runs that can be executed on your private location / number of workers associated with your private location`.

>   * Assign `total private location resource requirements / number of workers` resources to each private location worker.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Assign `total private location resource requirements / number of workers` resources to each private location container.
```

**Example:** For a private location running only Browser tests, with a maximum number of concurrent test runs of `10`, your private location requires ~ 1.5 core CPU, ~ 10GiB memory, and ~ 100MiB disk. If you want to distribute these resources across 2 workers, the [`concurrency` parameter][15] should be set to `5`, and each worker should be allocated ~ 750mCores CPU, ~ 5GiB memory, and ~ 50MiB disk.

#### Queueing mechanism

When there are several workers associated with a private location, each worker requests a number of tests to run that depends on its [`concurrency` parameter][15] and on the number of additional test runs that can be assigned to it.   

> ** Example:** 10 tests are scheduled to run simultaneously on a private location that has 2 workers running. If worker 1 is currently running 2 tests, it can request 3 additional tests to run. If at this time, worker 2 is not running any tests, it will then request the 5 following tests. The remaining 2 tests can be requested by which ever worker has finished running its test first, ie which ever worker has available slots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Example:** Ten tests are scheduled to run simultaneously on a private location that has two workers running. If worker 1 is running two tests, it can request three additional tests to run. If worker 2 is not running any tests, it can request the five following tests. The remaining two tests can be requested by which ever worker has finished running its test first (which ever worker has available slots).
```

## Scale your private location

Because you can run several containers for one single private location with a single configuration file, you can **horizontally scale** your private locations by adding or removing workers to them. When doing so, make sure to set a `concurrency` parameter and allocate worker resources that are consistent with the types and the number of tests you want your private location to execute.

> You can also **vertically scale** your private locations by increasing the load your current private location containers can handle. Similarly, you should use the `concurrency` parameter to adjust the maximum number of test your workers can run and update the resources allocated to your workers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also **vertically scale** your private locations by increasing the load your private location containers can handle. Similarly, you should use the `concurrency` parameter to adjust the maximum number of test your workers allowed to run and update the resources allocated to your workers.
```

> Read more about dimensioning private location [here](#dimension-your-private-location).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read more about [dimensioning private location](#dimension-your-private-location).
```
